src/pages/index.md, before:

---
title: Home
sections:
- type: section_hero
  template: section_hero
  title: Democratizing Real-time Machine Learning
  section_id: hero
  content: |-
    Datomize is a fully managed platform providing real-time codeless machine learning. It loads your datasets, trains the best learning algorithm to your needs and deploys - all in under a minute, automatically.

    Datomize opens the possibility to use real-time machine learning models for everyone with less effort at a lower cost.
  image: "/images/pexels-photo-1148820.jpeg"
  actions:
  - label: Learn More
    url: "/how-does-it-work"
    primary: false
    new_window: false
- type: section_features
  template: section_features
  # title: Features
  section_id: features_main
  # subtitle: >-
    # Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nullam a metus
    # quis lorem malesuada luctus.
  background: gray
  features:
    - title: Fully automated and managed service
      content: >-
        No code machine learning from data ingestion to deployment endpoint
      image: images/automated.png
    - title: Continuously Learning
      content: >-
        Keep your model adaptive by continuously streaming data to your favorite warehouse
      image: images/continuously.png
    - title: Fast and more accurate models
      content: >-
        Bringing you the best fitted algorithm using  hypertuning that resolves your problem
      image: images/target.png
    - title: Real-time
      content: >-
        Real-time machine learning has access to a continuous flow of transactional data, but what it really needs in order to be effective is a continuous flow of labeled transactional data, and accurate labeling introduces latency
      image: images/realtime.png
- type: section_reviews
  template: section_reviews
  title: About Automated Machine Learning
  section_id: reviews
  subtitle: ''
  background: white
  reviews:
  - author: Alexander Mamaev
    avatar: "/images/Alexander_Mamaev.jpg"
    content: AutoML approach is different, in this approach we don’t need a human.
      Because program makes feature engineering, model trains by automate. AutoML
      is open domain — we can run the same algorithm on any type of data like credit
      scoring, sales stock, text classifications, and others.
  - content: We have surveyed AutoML deep learning approaches, but this is just one
      class of AutoML techniques you can find in predictive modeling. In general,
      AutoML approaches are most efficient in following domains, optimizing performance,
      speed for predictive models or both. There are also many other criteria that
      can be taken into account such as explainability of predictive models, however
      AutoML capable of optimizing those criteria are in their infancy.
    author: Pavel Kordík (Medium)
    avatar: "/images/Pavel.Kor.jpeg"
- type: section_posts
  template: section_posts
  title: Latest Posts
  section_id: recent-posts
  background: gray
template: landing
---

Commit message:

update text and add connectors

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
title: Home
sections:
- type: section_hero
  template: section_hero
  title: Democratizing Real-time Machine Learning
  section_id: hero
  content: |-
    Datomize is a fully managed platform providing real-time codeless machine learning. It loads your datasets, trains the best learning algorithm to your needs and deploys - all in under a minute, automatically.

    Datomize opens the possibility to use real-time machine learning models for everyone with less effort at a lower cost.
  image: "/images/pexels-photo-1148820.jpeg"
  actions:
  - label: Learn More
    url: "/how-does-it-work"
    primary: false
    new_window: false
- type: section_features
  template: section_features
  # title: Features
  section_id: features_main
  # subtitle: >-
    # Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nullam a metus
    # quis lorem malesuada luctus.
  background: gray
  features:
    - title: Fully automated and managed service
      content: >-
        Automating the data science lifecycle, end-to-end
      image: images/automated.png
    - title: Real-time
      content: >-
        Going from raw data through training to effective predictions in seconds 
      image: images/realtime.png
    - title: Continuously Learning
      content: >-
        Adapting to world changes by continuous real-time training of existing model
      image: images/continuously.png
    - title: Fast and more accurate models
      content: >-
        Choosing the best fitted algorithm and hypertuning it to hit goals
      image: images/target.png
    - title: Transparent
      content: >-
        Inspiring confidence in predictions with human friendly explainable models
      image: images/monitor.png
    - title: Codeless Implementation
      content: >-
        Turn data to predictions and use it without writing a single line of code
      image: images/codeless.png
- type: section_content
  template: section_content
  title: Connectors
  content: >-
    ![Connectors](/images/connectors.png)
- type: section_reviews
  template: section_reviews
  title: About Automated Machine Learning
  section_id: reviews
  subtitle: ''
  background: white
  reviews:
  - author: Alexander Mamaev
    avatar: "/images/Alexander_Mamaev.jpg"
    content: AutoML approach is different, in this approach we don’t need a human.
      Because program makes feature engineering, model trains by automate. AutoML
      is open domain — we can run the same algorithm on any type of data like credit
      scoring, sales stock, text classifications, and others.
  - content: We have surveyed AutoML deep learning approaches, but this is just one
      class of AutoML techniques you can find in predictive modeling. In general,
      AutoML approaches are most efficient in following domains, optimizing performance,
      speed for predictive models or both. There are also many other criteria that
      can be taken into account such as explainability of predictive models, however
      AutoML capable of optimizing those criteria are in their infancy.
    author: Pavel Kordík (Medium)
    avatar: "/images/Pavel.Kor.jpeg"
- type: section_posts
  template: section_posts
  title: Latest Posts
  section_id: recent-posts
  background: gray
template: landing
---
